---
title: My use of AI
excerpt: How I use AI chatbots
status: draft
tags: 
- About
---

As of February 2025, here's how I use AI.

1. I've used and will continue to use AI to create images, such as the one in the logo, created with Midjourney.
2. I've used and will continue to use AI to spellcheck, i.e: Grammarly.
3. I've used and will continue to use AI to assist my programming, i.e: Github Copilot in VSCode.
4. I will use AI to clear my thoughts, learn about or research topics I am interested on, i.e: PI, Chatgpt, Claude, Gemini...    

I share Hume's belief that our ideas and concepts arise from the synthesis of items from our previous experiences:

>But though our thought seems to possess this unbounded liberty, we shall find, upon a nearer examination, that it is really confined within very narrow limits, and that all this creative power of the mind amounts to no more than the faculty of compounding, transposing, augmenting, or diminishing the materials afforded to us by the senses and experience. When we think of a golden mountain, we only conjoin two consistent ideas, gold, and mountain, with which we were formerly acquainted. A virtuous horse we can conceive; because, from our own feeling, we ca conceive virtue; and this we may unite to the figure and shape of a horse, which is an animal familiar to us. … The idea of God, as meaning an infinitely intelligent, wise, and good Being, arises from reflecting on the operations of our own mind, and augmenting, without limit, those qualities of goodness ad wisdom. We may prosecute this enquiry to what length we please; where we shall always find, that every idea which we examine is copied from a similar impression. (David Hume, An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding, Section II: Of the Origin of Ideas)

Artists are inspired by other artists and so they learn or find their way. Writers find their style reading from others...