---
title: Types of AI
summary: Not all AIs are equal
tags: AI
---


AI can be broadly categorized into three main types based on their capabilities and functionalities:

1.- Narrow or Weak AI: Narrow AI refers to artificial intelligence systems that are designed and trained for a specific task or set of tasks. These systems excel at performing a particular function within a limited domain. Examples of narrow AI include virtual assistants like Siri and Alexa, recommendation systems, image recognition software, and autonomous vehicles.

2.- Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) or Strong AI: AGI, also known as Strong AI, refers to artificial intelligence systems that possess the ability to understand, learn, and apply knowledge across a wide range of tasks and domains. Unlike narrow AI, AGI can generalize its capabilities and adapt to new situations without the need for human intervention. AGI is still largely theoretical and has not yet been achieved, but it represents the goal of creating AI that can match or exceed human intelligence in all cognitive tasks.

3.- Artificial Superintelligence (ASI): Artificial Superintelligence is an hypothetical AI system that surpasses human intelligence in all aspects and domains. ASI would possess cognitive abilities far beyond those of the brightest human minds and would be capable of solving complex problems, inventing new technologies, and achieving goals that are currently beyond human comprehension. ASI, if achieved, could potentially have profound implications for humanity and the future of civilization.